Content added to Threads(child-process, cluster and worker-threads) in NodeJs Roadmap (#2246)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/114-nodejs-threads/readme.md

> # Nodejs Threads
> 
> Node.js is a single-threaded language and gives us ways to work parallelly to our main process.
> Taking note of nowadays multicore system single threading is very memory efficient.
> 
> ##### Here is the comparison of all three modules 
> [Compare](https://alvinlal.netlify.app/blog/single-thread-vs-child-process-vs-worker-threads-vs-cluster-in-nodejs#thesolution) -
> Child Process, 
> Cluster,
> Worker Threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Nodejs Threads

Node.js is a single-threaded language and gives us ways to work parallelly to our main process.
Taking note of nowadays multicore system single threading is very memory efficient.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://alvinlal.netlify.app/blog/single-thread-vs-child-process-vs-worker-threads-vs-cluster-in-nodejs'>Single Thread vs Child Process vs Worker Threads vs Clutster in Node.js</BadgeLink>
```
